D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.deps.json
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.runtimeconfig.json
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.dll
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.pdb
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Core.dll
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Infrastructure.dll
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Infrastructure.pdb
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Core.pdb
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.sourcelink.json
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.csproj.Up2Date
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.dll
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Api.dll
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.pdb
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.genruntimeconfig.cache
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Api.dll
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Black.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-BlackItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Bold.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-BoldItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraLightItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Italic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Light.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-LightItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Medium.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-MediumItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Regular.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-SemiBold.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Thin.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ThinItalic.ttf
D:\programowanie\C#\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\OFL.txt
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Black.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-BlackItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Bold.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-BoldItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ExtraLightItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Italic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Light.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-LightItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Medium.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-MediumItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Regular.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-SemiBold.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-Thin.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\Lato-ThinItalic.ttf
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\LatoFont\OFL.txt
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.deps.json
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.dll
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Api.pdb
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Core.dll
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Infrastructure.pdb
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\bin\Debug\net8.0\Core.pdb
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.dll
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Api.dll
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.pdb
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\Api.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\mazur\Desktop\System zarzadzania zasobami\Api\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Api.dll
